The Fetch API is built on top of native JavaScript promises,
which make it ideal for working with Web APIs.
A web API is an application programming interface
for either a web server or a Web Browser.
Some of the most popular web APIs are
weather data and financial data that can come from places like Yahoo stops.
But really, web API can be anywhere that someone has organized
information and made that data available to query through an API.
For the sake of this lesson,
we're going to construct a dummy Web API
that we invent for the purposes of demonstration.
So close your eyes or open your ears,
and imagine there's a web API that provides lots of
information about all the animals known to exist.
Now suppose you wanted to create a web app that let people enter the name of
their favorite animal and then get to see
fun facts about that animal appear on their Browser.
Let's learn some more about the Fetch API,
so we can turn this dream into a reality.